add forum to tfgrid3 (#68)
threefoldtech/tf-images: tfgrid3/forum/README.md

```

### additional env variables have a defaults if not set as below
    
     RUBY_GC_HEAP_GROWTH_MAX_SLOTS=40000
     RUBY_GC_HEAP_INIT_SLOTS=400000
     RUBY_GC_HEAP_OLDOBJECT_LIMIT_FACTOR=1.5
     RUBY_GLOBAL_METHOD_CACHE_SIZE=131072
     PG_MAJOR=10
     UNICORN_SIDEKIQS=1
     DISCOURSE_DB_SOCKET=/var/run/postgresql
     home=/var/www/discourse
     upload_size=10m
     UNICORN_WORKERS=4
     DISCOURSE_SMTP_ENABLE_START_TLS=true
     
    
- logs are located in /var/log and app logs are in /var/www/discourse/log/
- after setup the discourse using admin account, ask another account to login with 3bot and grant him as an admin
- the local data in /var/lib/postgresql , redis in /shared/redis_data ,application /var/www/discourse/public which has upload and backup
- from admin discourse, you can set a periodic backup to be taken in path /var/www/discourse/public/backups/default

### configuration for https
    we are using self-sgined by nginx

### more info

> - this flist same as discourse_3bot but with addataional package restic and its configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- this flist same as discourse_3bot but with an additional package restic and its configuration.
```
